"Hot Shit"===It's too hard (It's too hard)
Tay Keith, it's too hard
(Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up)

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Now this that hot shit
Jimmy Snuka off the top rope, Superfly shit
Might get in the tub with my all my ice on some pock shit
Either way you slice it, bottom line, I'm the top bitch
New Chanel, I rock it, twist and it ain't even out yet
All this jewelry at the grocery store, I'm obnoxious
Bought a home and closin' on another, I know I'm blessed
Everybody wanna be gang, ain't no spots left
Bad bitch contest, there wouldn't be a contest

Ooh, smokin' dope
I'm connected
I don't know what's longer, man, my blocklist or my checklist
I don't know what's colder, man, my heart or my necklace
Pretty when I wake up, I'm a bad bitch at breakfast
Still might slide on the opp
It's electric
Hatin' didn't work, so they lie (So they lie)
These bitches lookin' hurt and they fried (And they fried)
I know they wouldn't miss them if they died
Tell 'em move, move, move
New Chanel on my body, it's a boost
I'm so poppin', I don't ever gotta get introduced ('Duced)
One thing I never call a bitch for is a truce (Truce)
Brand new chopper, can't wait to put that bitch to use (Use)

Oof (Oof), checks comin' fast, I'm like swoosh (Swoosh)
Ooh (Ooh), give 'em to them straight, hundred proof (Proof)
I thought I killed you hoes before, it must be déjà vu (Vu)
It's either that, or I'm catchin' body number two

This that block music
This that drop location, drop a opp music (Too mad)
This ain't for them niggas in the house, this shit for Glock users
And Ion talk down on treacherous hoes who known to be a cock user
This that pill talk, gotta buss his head, he cut out all the music
Who said you game, who said you can come around this bitch and hang? (Who?)
And I fucked your baby mama, mama and I ain't say a thing (Shh)
They just came outside in 2020, pull up in that '21
I pick my side, switches fully
And I'ma die for 21 (Pull up, gang)
I got plenty cars, I hit plenty stars and didn't come
I said it plenty times, I pay for bodies, I ain't pay for none
You think I'm finna leave my bitch for you? She fuck Future too?
I know that Von hitter, she pulled up on my block in Jimmy Choo (Smurk)

Oof (Oof), checks comin' fast, I'm like swoosh (Swoosh)
Ooh (Ooh), give 'em to them straight, hundred proof (Proof)
I thought I killed you hoes before, it must be déjà vu (Vu)
It's either that, or I'm catchin' body number two

Pinky swear you ain't scared when you heard Ye appeared
I'ma hop up out the bushes, me and Pusha kill ya man
I'm just sayin' now, start to get used to the pain
Till one day I said, "Fuck it", brought my masseuse on the plane
Why you playin'?
Reachin' the gang
Losin' hand
Where you stayin'?
Where was J at, where was them at?
Where you done that, where you live at?
Another headline, where your head at?
Nigga, go home, where your kids at?
They be on my nerve, they be on my nerve, mmm, mmm
When we lost Virg, I was on the verge, mmm, mmm
I just hit the Louis store, I had to splurge, mmm, mmm
We just made a silent movie with no words, mmm

Guess who toppin' now? Uh
God got me now, uh
Guess who at Balenciaga, guess who shoppin' now? Uh
They can't stop me now, uh, I've been poppin' now, uh
Cardi, where your sister at? I need Henny now, mmm, mmm
I flew in and out, hundred fifty thou', mmm, mmm
Now, even when they shout, gotta shout me out
So ahead, go ahead, mmm, mmm
Not even close, all of y'all is number two

Oof (Oof), checks comin' fast, I'm like swoosh (Swoosh)
Ooh (Ooh), give 'em to them straight, hundred proof (Proof)
I thought I killed you hoes before, it must be déjà vu (Vu)
It's either that, or I'm catchin' body number two