"Press"===(Monsta's gon' tear it up) Bardi!
Woo, yeah
Bitches be pressed (Woo)
Bitches be pressed (Pressed)

B-bitches be pressed (Pressed)
They knew how I'm coming, real bitch in the flesh (Woo)
Who the fuck she gon' check? (Who?)
She be talking that shit, talkin' outta her neck
Put blood on her dress
Bitches be mad when they see Cardi step in the spot
Said that you 'bout it, we know that you're not
I'ma pull up on bitches as soon as I drop

Bought a new foreign I might cop a yacht
B-bitches in my business, they tryna plot (Woo)
Hoes poppin' shit like they hot but they not no
Just flooded the wrist, the Patek the watch
Niggas be flexin' we know what you got
Cardi done had got the game in a knot
Fuck on your nigga I got him on lock
This gon' bang bang like I'm choppin' them chops
VVS chain I'm in love with the rocks
You said you gon' take it bitch you got me chopped
They're throwin' shade 'cause they see me on top
Tell that bitch to pull up, I'm 'a send you the drop

Press, press, press, press, press (Cardi)
Cardi don't need more press
Kill 'em all, put them hoes to rest
Walk in, bulletproof vest
Please tell me who she gon' check (bitch)
Murder scene, Cardi made a mess (Cardi)
Pop up, guess who bitch?
Pop up, guess who bitch? (Cardi)

Ding dong
Must be that whip that I ordered
And a new crib for my daughter
You know a bad bitch gon' spoil her
I got one in New York need one in Georgia
New Bentley truck cost a quarter (Quarter)
My money still long like weave (Woo)
Pussy still wet like Florida (Woo)
Everyone drop on the floor
She was talkin' but not anymore no
MAC to your face like contour
This chopper come straight from Dior
Done with the talking' I'm open to violence
Ask anybody they know I'm about it
Hashtag, #whipthathoass
Fuck around, we gon' start a new challenge
I come in this bitch and I'm strapped up and ready (boom)
Ride on that dick like I'm Cardi Andretti (Meow)
Fuck at your crib with him, go to no 'telly
I sit on his face whenever I'm ready (Woo)
Bitch I'm a freak like Greek (Like Greek)
Got the biggest house on my street (My street)
All you little hoes look cheap (Look cheap)
They suckin' on my dick with no teeth!

Press, press, press, press, press (Cardi)
Cardi don't need more press
Kill 'em all, put them hoes to rest
Walk in, bulletproof vest
Please tell me who she gon' check (bitch)
Murder scene, Cardi made a mess (Cardi)
Pop up, guess who bitch?
Pop up, guess who bitch? (Cardi)

Press, press, press, press, press
Press, press, press, press, press
Press, press, press, press, press
Pop up, guess who bitch?
Pop up, guess who bitch? (Cardi)